package "stressnet"
version "0.1"
purpose "stressnet is intended for replaying tcpdump/pcap capture files 
-except the ethernet address- with a given bitrate to stress network 
devices such as intrusion detection systems or firewalls.  It mixes two pcap
files (A and B) with a ratio r given as argument and meaning: for every 1 
packet of file B that is sent, there are r packets of file A that are sent. 
This is meant to impose a rate of malformed packets in the dataflow.

THIS SOFTWARE CAN AND SHOULD BE IMPROVED AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE, new ideas and 
critics are always welcome.  You can send them by email to the following 
address:

\tyannick AT loth.be

I would be pleased to discuss about them with you and to exchange ideas about
further improvements.

This software was initially developed for the Royal Military Academy (RMA) of
Belgium (Brussels), by a student (Yannick Loth) during a training for his 
studies as Industrial Engineer in Applied Informatics at the  University of 
Luxembourg (2005).
The aim of stressnet is to provide a reliable tool (i.e. intended for 
engineers etc.) to send packets (well formed and malformed ones) through a 
network at different speeds and ratios of innofensive packets over attacking 
packets to establish the limits of devices when they are seen as 'blackboxes',
i.e. when the internal functioning of the devices is unknown.
'Reliable' means that when someone asks for a certain bitrate, it should send
data at bitrates quite close to the wanted bitrate.

The author of this software thanks Maj. W. Mees (RMA) and Capt. O. Thonnard 
(RMA) as well as Pr. Th. Engel (Uni. Lux.) for their advices.

stressnet should only be used by people knowing what they do, this tool could 
in fact block your computer for a long time if you don't take care of what you
do.

You'll (one day, I hope...) find more about this program on 
\thttp://www.loth.be/yannick/stressnet/index.html"


option "interface" i "network device used to send packets" string default="eth0" no
option "packetfileM" m "First file of packets" string yes
option "packetfileN" n "Second file ofpackets" string no
option "ratio" r "ratio M/N: number of packets of file M for every 1 packet of file N" long default="50" no
option "bitrate" b "desired send bitrate in kbit/s" long default="100" no
option "configfile" c "config file containing the command line arguments" string no
option "priority" p "scheduling priority value" int default="0" no
option "quantity" q "total quantity of packets to send" int default="100" no
option "destMAC" d "destination MAC address for ALL packets" string default="00:11:22:33:44:55" no
option "stats" s "simply output stats, no packet generation" no

